Add docs for AuthenticationClass and TLS (#10)
stackabletech/commons-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tls.adoc

= TLS

A TLS section is part of Stackable CRDs and describes how to connect to a TLS enabled system like LDAP or S3.

If the `tls` attribute is set to `null` (or is not specifed) no TLS will be used for the connection.

A simple TLS section looks like this:

[source,yaml]
----
include::example$tls-simple.yaml[]
----

== Verification
The parties participating at an TLS connection can be verified using certificates.
At the moment the following verification methods are supported

* <<No verification>>
* <<Server verification>>
* <<Mutual verification>>

=== No verification

> This example will use TLS but not check the authority of server or client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will use TLS but not perform any checks on the certificate presented by the server or present a client certificate if asked for one by the server.
```

[source,yaml]
----
include::example$tls-no-verification.yaml[]
----

=== Server verification

> This example will use TLS and verify the server using the ca certificates that are trusted by common web browsers.

Reviewer: This is not strictly speaking correct I think. This would trust anything that is signed by a CA which is present in the default ca store in the docker image running our products. I'd assume that this is empty by default. Customers should probably be able to specify a configmap to mount as ca store if they need their own CAs to be rolled out though..

Reviewer: I'm not sure about adding CAs to our images by default tbh. Most customers I know are very restrictive about which CAs are allowed in production images, but I think that is not something that needs to stop this PR from going forward.
